[P2P] RainTree Unit Test Generation Tooling (#316)
pokt-network/pocket: p2p/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.0.0.7] - 2022-10-24

> - Update README to reference the simulator as a learning references and unit test generation tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated README to reference the python simulator as a learning references and unit test generation tool
```
